docs: update cilium documentation about KubePrism usage (#7484)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.5/kubernetes-guides/network/deploying-cilium.md

As Talos does not allow loading kernel modules by Kubernetes workloads, `SYS_MODULE` capability needs to be dropped from the Cilium default set of values, this override can be seen in the helm/cilium cli install commands.
Each method can either install Cilium using kube proxy (default) or without: [Kubernetes Without kube-proxy](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.13/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free/)

> Since Talos 1.5 we use Cilium in combination with KubePrism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Talos 1.5 we can use Cilium in combination with KubePrism.
```
